 	

	

	
peter	lin	
peterlin00@gmail.com		
123	smith	lane,	fairfield,	oh	12345	
111-111-1111		
	

summary	of	qualifications	
experienced	and	results-driven	engineer	with	proven	problem	solving	ability	in	diverse	industries.	demonstrated	
success	in	leading	cross-functional	projects	by	collaboratively	working	in	teams.	expert	in	identification	and	
resolution	of	issues.	adept	at	effectively	communicating	and	presenting	complex	ideas	in	simple	terms.	
	
experience	
xyz	tire	&	rubber	co.,	columbus,	oh	
senior	engineer,	jan.	20xx	–	present	

•  develop	and	innovate	high-strength	lightweight	materials	to	improve	tire	performance.	
•  lead	product	development	projects	from	concept,	testing,	and	design	review	to	industrialization.	
•  conduct	physical	testing	of	tire	reinforcement	materials.	
•  analyze	potential	risks	and	failures	to	create	and	follow	corrective/preventive	actions.	
•  research	and	perform	competitor	and	industry	trend	analysis.	

accomplishments:	

introduced	new	belt	material	for	mrt	tires	resulting	in	$6.4m	annual	material	savings.	

• 
•  reprogrammed	control	systems	to	improve	accuracy	in	carbon	black	delivery	system	by	19%.	
•  led	project	on	redesign	of	steel	belt	extruder	die	leading	to	$700k/year	productivity	savings.	

•  designed	hvac,	plumbing	and	fire	protection	systems	for	aseptic,	process	and	general	use	facilities	in	

•  performed	code	reviews	of	company,	state,	international,	and	insurer	codes	to	determine	design	

•  created	cost	estimates,	review	packages,	and	basis	of	design	packages	for	client	approval	and	use	in	

•  visited	existing	facilities	to	document	layout,	equipment,	and	designs,	and	incorporated	the	necessary	

	
bc	&	dc,	south	brunswick,	nj	
mechanical	engineer,	june	20xx	–	dec.	20xx	

pharmaceutical	and	biotech	buildings.	

criteria	and	identify	design	restrictions.	

facility	construction.	

information	into	future	design.	

	
engineering	research	center,	rutgers	university	
research	assistant,	sept.	20xx	–	may	20xx	

•  oversaw	on-site	contractor	work	during	construction	to	ensure	adherence	to	contract	drawings.	

• 

improved	the	touch	feedback	of	a	rehabilitation	system	by	adding	wrist-tapping	mechanisms	to	
localize	guidance.	

•  published	a	technical	paper	titled	“assisted	golf	putting	through	a	planar	four-cable	system.”	

matlab		
pro/engineer	wildfire		
maple		

sap	gui		
solidworks	
	

	

	
technical	skills	
c	programming		
labview		
linux/unix		
	
education	
m.s.	in	mechanical	engineering,	may	20xx	
rutgers	university,	new	brunswick,	nj	
	
b.s.	in	mechanical	engineering,	may	20xx	
china	institute	of	technology,	beijing,	china	

