  

 

774.290.6250 | ssenior/portfolio | ssenior//linkedin | 

ssenior@wellesley.edu 

sierra tower 

 expected may 2021 

, cambridge, ma

september 2019 – may 2020 

 
education

, wellesley, ma

  
wellesley college
b.a. in media arts and sciences | cumulative gpa: 3.75  
 
     massachusetts institute of technology (mit)
     cross-registered student 
 
experience 

 
experiential marketing intern

 | mccann worldgroup | new york, ny

● gained firsthand knowledge of how to work cross-functionally in an advertising firm as part of 

mccann’s experiential marketing group. 

● generated innovative ideas to increase consumer touchpoints and build stronger brand relevance.   
● researched industry trends in retail and consumer packaged goods to support development of client proposals.  

  june – august 2020 

, 
momentum
​

 | weber shandwick | athens, greece

   june – august 2019 

● created and edited engaging content for client presentations utilizing industry specific data and analysis. 
● updated media lists and databases and translated press releases from greek to english to increase outreach to 

● perform competitive analysis of client brands by conducting digital and print media scans.  

 | wellesley college hackathon | wellesley, ma

          january 2019 – november 2020 

● empowered college undergraduates in technology to come together for 30 hours and develop innovative web, 

mobile, and hardware projects through intimate mentor-based experiences. 

● managed check-in desk, hardware table, and equipment setup to provide participants with access to effective 

● photographed event, edited and processed photos, and posted to hackathon social media accounts to increase 

 
public relations intern

international media. 

 
events assistant

technology resources.  

event visibility. 

 
vice president 

| wellesley college habitat for humanity | wellesley, ma

 

     september 2018 – present 

● organize annual fundraising events raising over $5,000 to support four service projects per year. 
● coordinate service events and building projects with other university chapters to share resources. 
● communicate with student members about events and building projects via social media to increase member 

● recruit student members and facilitate orientation workshops to introduce new members to the organization.  

engagement in chapter activities. 

 
operations intern

 | desmos | athens, greece

● wrote and translated text from greek to english for website and email marketing campaigns to support the 

efforts of desmos, a foundation dedicated to utilizing private initiatives to address greek humanitarian crises. 

● assisted in planning annual fundraising art auction, including researching, writing, and editing exhibition 

catalogue entries, publicity brochures, and digital marketing materials. 

● created analytic reports included in staff presentations to major donors. 
● managed data entry in raiser’s edge for donations to ensure proper fund designations and donor attributions. 

       june 2018 – august 2018 

 
skills  

adobe creative cloud | css | google suite | html5 | java | javascript | jquery mobile | python | microsoft office 
suite | raiser’s edge | wordpress | fluent in english, greek, and spanish 

 

 

 

​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
