 robert smith 
junior accounting analyst

personal statement

seeking a position in business administration with a company that will allow
me to fully utilize my communication, organizational, and problem solving 
skills and enhance the customer service quality to a wide range of retailers 
and suppliers.

work experience

junior accounting analyst
abc corporation -   october 2014 – april 2015 

responsibilities:
 assumed the role of controller for the wood capabilities strategic team 

by helping increase production capacity over prior years.

 understood who the suppliers are, what lead times are, processes and 

time for each stage of production.

 helped to create quality improvements and increase profit margins.
 maintained an accurate understanding of material cost drivers based on

volume, inflation, product mix, and savings initiatives.

 presented a monthly summary to leadership to discuss variances while 

offering explanations and possible recommendations.

contact details

1737 marshville road, 
alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com 
www.qwikresume.com

skills

report research and 
development, project 
analysis,.

languages

english (native)
french (professional)
spanish (professional)

interests

climbing
snowboarding
cooking
reading

 developed and communicate a policy for cost updates and maintain 

references

ownership of cost rolls.

 responsible for the monthly close process of the temple manufacturing 

plant; processing all journal entries, preparing balance sheet 
reconciliations, build tools/reports to review work and identify anomalies
from prior year, budget, and expectations.

reference – 1 (company 
name)
reference – 2 (company 
name)

accounting analyst
abc corporation -   2010 – 2014 

responsibilities:

 reconciliation of bank accounts against general ledger certificate of 

liability insurance prepare and process journal entries reconcile cash 
reports from branches process check request for cod and credit 
accounts for customers set up, forfeit, transfer deposits.

 verify sales tax preparation and filing monthly process edi reports and 

 reconcile invoice amount and quantity with purchase order and 

invoices.

receiver.

 request bill of lading, proof of deliveries and packing slips to match po, 

invoice and receiver.

 make sure statements are clean every week.
 (request past due credits & invoices) resolve vendor and buyer 

discrepancies.

 maintain and analyze a/p reports for thoroughness and accuracy record
appropriate vendor, expense account number and tax information when
processing payments send out checks on a weekly basis scan and 
index in jds on a daily basis posting ar payments onto customers 

© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines

 accounts month end, quarter close and year end processing and 
reports..

education

hampshire university)

master of science in human resource management - (southern new 

© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines

