 contact details

1737 marshville road, 
alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com 
www.qwikresume.com

skills

microsoft office, epic, 
bonafide, cau, 
adaptable to.

languages

english (native)
french (professional)
spanish (professional)

interests

climbing
snowboarding
cooking
reading

references

reference – 1 (company 
name)
reference – 2 (company 
name)

robert smith 
assistant claims resolution specialist i

personal statement

seeking a challenging position which will allow to diversify organizational 
skills with accuracy and attention to detail.

work experience

assistant claims resolution specialist i
blue cross blue shield of nc -   june 2003 – 2020 

responsibilities:
 provide feedback and status updates of inventory to management daily.
 identify trends and participate in problem solving with reports and 

 present and speak to the issues offering solutions and process 

corrected claims data.

improvement.

 develop and maintain document processes to generate reports.
 completed all task with little to no supervision in timeframe allotted.
 reviewed all medical insurance claims for resolution and payment 
resolve any incoming inquiries or payment denials from insurance 
providers.

 reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer 

requests.

claims resolution specialist
delta corporation -   2000 – 2003 

responsibilities:

 write medical appeals for all medical insurance carriers.
 prioritizing, analyzing &amp; resolving claims, maintaining a high level 
of customer service, solving existing and new claims, construct work 
orders.

 handling service request &amp; customer inquires, confidentiality of 
credit card information assist with various dispatch activities, resolve 
homeowner .

 use of critical thinking to analyze claim denials assist insurance 

companies with claim requests process claim denials use of multiple 
computer .

 review any billing issues received call insurance companies regarding 

bills and payment update insurance web portals review eobs in 
centricity and .

 claims resolution professional - current gather inventory and reporting 
inventory on a daily basis maintain departmental query inventories by 
gathering claims data by utilizing reporting tools and data.

 this is dummy description data, replace with job description relevant 

to your current role.

© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines

 education

business - 1980(surry community college)

© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines

