 robert smith

senior it auditor i

info@qwikresume.com | linkedin profile | qwikresume.com

over 12 years of professional information technology (it) security and audit 
experience. core competencies include federal information security management 
act (fisma), federal information system controls audit manual (fiscam) and ibm 
data security & privacy (ds&p) compliance.

experience

senior it auditor i
abc corporation - june 2004 – august 2008





performed the it portion of federal financial statement audits using 
applicable omb, gao, nist, cobit &amp; aicpa guidance.
tested areas include entity-wide security program controls, access 
controls, change controls, segregation of duties controls, service 
continuity controls, and system software controls.

 agencies included the house of representatives, small business 
administration (sba), government accountability office (gao), 
federal reserve board (frb), and millennium challenge corporation 
(mcc).

 managed up to two individuals as a senior it auditor.


performed information security reviews for federal agencies using 
federal information security management act (fisma) and nist sp 
800-53 recommended security controls for federal information 
systems guidance.

 responsible for assisting management in the completion of the fisma

template required for annual submission to omb.

 assisted the general services administration (gsa) in implementing 
requirements of omb circular a-123, appendix a, internal control 
over financial reporting, through evaluating general controls over the
information systems using nists special publication (sp) 800-53a, 
guide for assessing the security controls in federal information 
systems.

senior it auditor 
delta corporation - 2002 – 2004

 durham, north carolina - performed risk based audits of information 
technology across the enterprise at bcbsnc, - participated on audits 
of high risk .

 consult on software selection for security systems including data loss

prevention, intrusion prevention systems, and identity access 
management.

 managed all phases of audits from individual audit risk assessments 

to report development and follow up directed, mentored, and 

© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines

 coached staff .



 over six years experience with information systems and data security
performed risk assessments based on nist 800-30 knowledge and 
experience in .
this is dummy description data, replace with job description relevant
to your current role.
this is dummy description data, replace with job description relevant
to your current role.
this is dummy description data, replace with job description relevant
to your current role.





education

 bs in decision information sciences - (robert h. smith school of 

business, university of maryland - college park, md)

skills

cisa exam passed, csx cybersecurity certificate track.

2

